Dad, we have a crazy relationship with each other now.
Relationships are scary, what do you want to see?
Afraid of melting into an electronic head,
Handsome, if we all have something to do with two years.
That's actually, don't become a liar.
Hahahahahaha.
The ambassador said yes, it is all,
Our two families should go take pictures.
I like the photo, and I'm married.
Oh, you got married,
The person you give it to will only give it to you on the wedding day,
If you keep taking advantage of us, you will be killed.
Now you are the house owner
you your total brain and car
Give it back to me
You Chen and Wang family
Opportunity Party
So thin
What is that?
You also asked me to go to the labor training session for adults.
I hate you, but you also know what our industry is like.
This is a good opportunity to sign in the South.
This is our business anyway.
It has always been a first-class price
Are we not sure yet?
Isn't this signed?
You actually
I know this about you and me
But I hope you can understand
You and excellence
And I will definitely find one
Otherwise, sign
You asked me to go and consult with you first
if they choose
Just keep calling me again
But if he chooses
Do you understand